Docs: update panel title search information (#50450)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v9-0.md

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/dashboards/dashboard-previews.png" max-width="750px" caption="Dashboard previews" >}}

## Panel title search (opt-in beta)

> Grafana 9 has a feature toggle `panelTitleSearch`. When enabled it tells Grafana to use a new search engine. Instead of using SQL queries, the new search uses an in-memory full-text index, and Grafana maintains this index actual upon changes in dashboards and folders. The new index should provide a better search experience, and it can search through panel titles as well as dashboard titles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana 9 has a feature toggle `panelTitleSearch`. When enabled, it tells Grafana to use a new search engine. Instead of using SQL queries, the new search uses an in-memory full-text index, and Grafana maintains this index actual upon changes in dashboards and folders. The new index provides a better search experience and can search through panel titles as well as dashboard titles.
```

Reviewer: By "actual" - do you mean current?

Author: @brendamuir  actual - means `up-to-date` here (i.e. index contains latest changes, has state that matches state in the database)

Reviewer: then i'd say something like "Grafana keeps this index up-to-date when there are changes to dashboards and folders?

Author: Yep, fixed

Author: Done, a bit different wording – hope OK
